1. Do you find it easy to speak with others about your emotions(things you might otherwise write in a journal)?
  In general, yes. I understand that the feelings I have are not exclusive to me - by sharing them with other people I can feel the catharsis of releasing those emotions from within me and give the other person an opportunity to empathize and know that they are not alone. 
  The only times that I do not share my emotions with folks are when it is taboo to do so. Any feelings that surround sexuality, for example, are completely off limits in a professional context. That doesn't mean that I don't experience them, though. 

2. Do you use a physical or digital journal?
 Yes, I use a digital journal. I go back and forth between an app on my phone call 5 Minutes a Day and a website called 750words.com

3. How often do you write in your journal?
 It ranges. Sometimes I go through periods where I'm writing it in it every day. Other times I can write just once or twice a month. If I'm going through any kind of radical changes in my life (e.g., moving, professional issues), I'm much more likely to write more often. 

4. When do you decide to journal/when do you write?
 I use journaling as a mental health and creativity tool. When I have a lot on my mind or am going through a particularly stressful time, I will write in a journal to get my thoughts out of my head. This helps create a distance between who I am as a person and what my thoughts are, a move that can make the difference between being disappointed that something didn't happen the way I hoped and being disappointed in who I am as a person because something didn't happen the way I hoped for. 

5. What kind of journaling do you do? ie. creative writing, daily events..?
 Most of my journaling is either stream of consciousness or responding to questions. 

6. Do you find it difficult to begin writing?
 Not generally. If I'm at the point where I want to journal, I usually have a lot on my mind already. The other time that I'm most likely to journal is when I am working on a creative project. The act of creating requires the creator to be nonjudgmental. If I was evaluating every idea that came to mind and only put the good ones down on paper, I wouldn't allow myself to get through enough bad ones to get to a good one. By starting my process with a journaling session, I can create an environment where I'm putting my thoughts down without judging myself. 

7. Do you ever re-read your journal entries?
 Not usually, though there are certain entries that I've made after very stressful times that I will go back and read to appreciate the amount of time that has gone by since then and put those experiences into perspective. 

8. Do you ever notice trends in your writing?
 Some of the tools that I use (like 750words.com) will analyze my writing for frequency of words, positivity, topic, etc. I find this analysis helpful. 

 Other than that, I notice when I'm writing the same thoughts over and over. 

9. Do/would you share your journal with a mental health professional?
From time to time. I usually speak with my therapist about my entries, but will only share them with him if I won't see him for some time or if it's a situation where I want to get the exact quotes. 

10. What do you wish your current journal service had?
 Journals tend to either be open ended or serve a specific purpose. I wish that I had a journaling service that could adapt to where I was when I was writing. For example, when I fire up the service, it should ask me what kind of journaling mood I'm in and provide more open-ended or structured entries, depending on what I choose. If I say that I'm feeling stuck, it could have a series of paintings that it encourages me to react to. Or gives me to words/ideas/quotes and has me find a way to connect them to each other and then to myself. 
b.Ever considered using a digital journal? Why, why not?
  I use digital journals almost exclusively because the one time that I used a physical journal someone found it and there was DRAMA. :)
